multiple exclusion filter clarification (#6469)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/indexes/_index.md

* Default **sampling rule** is `Exclude 100% of logs` matching the query. Adapt sampling rate from 0% to 100%, and decide if the sampling rate applies on individual logs, or group of logs defined by the unique values of any attribute.
* Default **toggle** is active, meaning logs flowing in the index are actually discarded according to the exclusion filter configuration. Toggle this to inactive to ignore this exclusion filter for new logs flowing in the index.

> **Note**: As for Index Filters, logs are processed by the first **active** exclusion filter they match, and only this one. If a log has matched an exclusion filter, and even if this log is has not been sampled out, it will ignore all following exclusion filters in the sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Index filters for logs are only processed with the first **active** exclusion filter matched. If a log matches an exclusion filter (even if the log is not sampled out), it ignores all following exclusion filters in the sequence.
```

> Use drag and drop on the list of exclusion filters to reorder them according to your use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use drag and drop on the list of exclusion filters to reorder them according to your use case.
```
